Win the best
Say same
phs
Make use of
New eq + breeding and horses
Feel the status
Elegant conduct of class
While following the traditional design
Sharp
A dynamic new age crane game sedan
It is designed to symbolize
Next is the task
Redesigned for multi-faceted design in square
New Generation +-
It has become an identity
Side view
There was a scene rising from the front toward the rear
Sharp impression
I will stay there again
Miyano war but a famous car of the 50's
Design that leads to Conte Merced motif
Adopt design motif
Area combination lamp
By adopting a stylish full led
Design that combines tradition and innovation
We have realized
For new-style performers
When a collision with a pedestrian is detected
Launch the bonnet within the week
Active bonnet that softens the impact of pedestrians
We have newly adopted
Ever since Edmonton
Cross-member structure by having the right to design love
A statement is attached with a sensor to avoid it
Accept that
Nagami General
By lowering
But